Update self-hosted warning to be SUPER explicit (#7595)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/index.mdx

import Disclaimer from './\_snippets/disclaimer.mdx'
import Sunset from '../self-host/\_snippets/sunset-disclaimer.mdx'

> > **This covers our open-source Docker compose deployment**, which is available under a MIT license [without guarantee](/docs/self-host/open-source/disclaimer). We continue to develop this version, but do not provide support for it beyond these docs. We [no longer support K8s deployments](/blog/sunsetting-helm-support-posthog) and it is **no longer possible to buy licenses for self-hosted versions** - you must [migrate to PostHog Cloud](/docs/migrate/migrate-to-cloud). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **This covers our free, open-source Docker compose deployment**, which is available under a MIT license [without guarantee](/docs/self-host/open-source/disclaimer). We continue to develop this version, but do not provide support for it beyond these docs. We [no longer support paid, open-source deployments](/blog/sunsetting-helm-support-posthog) - it is **no longer possible to buy licenses for self-hosted versions.** 
```

Reviewer: Toned it down a wee bit - also 'you must migrate' was a bit much.

Author: ```suggestion
> > **This covers our free, open-source Docker compose deployment**, which is available under a MIT license [without guarantee](/docs/self-host/open-source/disclaimer). We continue to develop this version, but do not provide support for it beyond these docs. We [no longer support paid, open-source deployments](/blog/sunsetting-helm-support-posthog) - it is **no longer possible to buy licenses for self-hosted versions** and we recommend users instead [migrate to PostHog Cloud](/docs/migrate/migrate-to-cloud). 
```

I want to get that migration link in there, as it's off in a separate section of the docs and will address the user need directly.

> > > **This covers our free, open-source Docker compose deployment**, which is available under a MIT license [without guarantee](/docs/self-host/open-source/disclaimer). We continue to develop this version, but do not provide support for it beyond these docs. We [no longer support paid, open-source deployments](/blog/sunsetting-helm-support-posthog) and it is **no longer possible to buy licenses for self-hosted versions** - we instead recommend [migrating to PostHog Cloud](/docs/migrate/migrate-to-cloud). 

Reviewer 2: I'd say something along the lines of "premium features are only offered on PostHog cloud" so people know there are features missing.

Author: ```suggestion
> **This covers our free, open-source Docker compose deployment**, which is available under a MIT license [without guarantee](/docs/self-host/open-source/disclaimer). We continue to develop this version, but do not provide support for it beyond these docs and some premium features are only available on PostHog Cloud. 
>
> We [no longer support paid, open-source deployments](/blog/sunsetting-helm-support-posthog) and it is **no longer possible to buy licenses for self-hosted versions** - we instead recommend [migrating to PostHog Cloud](/docs/migrate/migrate-to-cloud). 
```
